RIGHT RESULT Privacy Policy 2022/2023

Our contact details
predictionleague1@hotmail.com

We currently collect and process the following information:
- First & last name via login with Facebook
- Twitter handle via login with Twitter


Most of the personal information we process is provided to us directly by you for one of the following reasons:
To identify players by name or handle within the application.
We will not share this information with any other organisation.
Under the UK General Data Protection Regulation (UK GDPR), the lawful bases we rely on for processing this information are:
(a) Your consent. You are able to remove your consent at any time. You can do this by contacting predictionleague1@hotmail.com

All personal data, score predictions & league tables etc are destroyed at the end of each football season. Data is not kept longer than one year.


Under data protection law, you have rights including:
Your right of access - You have the right to ask us for copies of your personal information.
Your right to rectification - You have the right to ask us to rectify personal information you think is inaccurate. You also have the right to ask us to complete information you think is incomplete.
Your right to erasure - You have the right to ask us to erase your personal information in certain circumstances.
Your right to restriction of processing - You have the right to ask us to restrict the processing of your personal information in certain circumstances.
Your right to object to processing - You have the right to object to the processing of your personal information in certain circumstances.
Your right to data portability - You have the right to ask that we transfer the personal information you gave us to another organisation, or to you, in certain circumstances.
You are not required to pay any charge for exercising your rights. If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you.
Please contact us at predictionleague1@hotmail.com if you wish to make a request.


If you have any concerns about our use of your personal information, you can make a complaint to us at predictionleague1@hotmail.com.
You can also complain to the ICO if you are unhappy with how we have used your data.
The ICO’s address:
Information Commissioner’s Office
Wycliffe House
Water Lane
Wilmslow
Cheshire
SK9 5AF

Helpline number: 0303 123 1113
ICO website: https://www.ico.org.uk
